how's it sound if you break something I
can fix it I have a school for young
people who are like you Ching we could
be your new family if you like go
qureishi where is she
she should be dead whatever happened up
there made her stronger she's changing
that's what I'm scared I'm gonna lose
control bad things happen to people like
me I'm not giving up on you gee this is
what family does we take care of each
other so that power destroyed everything
that ever came into contact with until
you
what they don't understand they fear
and what they fear we seek to destroy
are you scared little girl who answers
to a man in a chair are you the most
powerful creature on the planet
this is your Charles tell me how we fix
this trough tell me what to do don't
know what to do the girl dies she's
still Jean which is still helping
sometimes we want to believe people are
something that they are not ready time
you realize who they are
it's too late
she's coming
x-men Dark Phoenix in cinemas June 6
[Music]